coveo-stew // doc improvements (#106)
coveooss/coveo-python-oss: coveo-stew/README.md

mypy = { set-config = "mypy.ini" }
```

See https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config_file.html#using-a-pyproject-toml

### pytest

Pytest is configured to run with `--doctest-modules --tb=short --durations=5` as well as JUnit report generation.

> Some additional options are available:

Reviewer: Are the two options below the only two that we can add for pytest? The way this is worded, it seems that we can'T we use this section to pass other arguments to pytest? For example, I always run with -s -v. Whenever I switch to poetry (happening sonner than later), I'd probably like to continue to do so.

Author: You're right, I started implementing something so that all runners may accept custom arguments.

        - Use `python -m venv <location>` to create a virtual environment natively.
        - Note the executable location... typically (`location/bin/python` or `location/Scripts/python.exe`)
    - Install your application into the python environment you just created:
        - Use `<venv-python-executable> -m pip install <your-package> --no-index --find-links <wheels-folder-location>`

>     - You may delete the `.wheels` folder if you want. Consider keeping a copy of the lock file within the docker image, for reference.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - You may delete the `.wheels` folder if you want. Consider keeping a copy of the lock file within the docker image, for reference.

To make sure you use the python interpreter that matches the os/arch/bits of the system you want to provision, you can run `stew build` directly when building the container image.
In order to do so without packaging `stew` in production, you can use [multi-stage builds](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/).
```

## How to hook your IDE with the virtual environment

If your IDE supports poetry, it should detect and use the `pyproject.toml` file.

To set it up manually:

1. Call `poetry install` from the location of the `pyproject.toml` file
1. Obtain the location of the virtual environment (i.e.: `poetry env list --full-path`)
1. Configure your IDE to use the python interpreter from that location

Your IDE should proceed to analyze the environment and will pick up all imports automatically, 
regardless of your PYTHONPATH or your working directory.
Since the local source is editable, any change to the source code will be reflected on the next interpreter run.

If you use the multiple-projects approach, you should hook your IDE to the `pydev` environment. See [this documentation](./README_MULTIPLE_LIBRARIES.md) for more information.

## Using the virtual environment without activating it

Using the correct interpreter is all you need to do. 

> There is no activation script or environment variables to set up: the interpreter's executable inside the virtual environment's folder is a fully bootstrapped and isolated environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no activation script or environment variables to set up: the interpreter executable inside the virtual environment folder is a fully bootstrapped and isolated environment.
```
